Update the crypto doc (#1548)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/crypto.mdx

    ): Bool

    /// Verifies the proof of possession of the private key.
    /// This function is only implemented if the signature algorithm of the public key is BLS (BLS_BLS12_381).

>     /// It errors if called with any other signature algorithm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// If called with any other signature algorithm, the program aborts 
```

Reviewer: Also, please update the docstring in the code, here: https://github.com/onflow/cadence/blob/master/runtime/sema/type.go#L6260

    pub fun verifyPoP(_ proof: [UInt8]): Bool
}
```

> <Callout type="info">
> 
> 🚧 Status: VerifyPoP is going to be available in an upcoming release of Cadence
> 
> </Callout>

Reviewer: This should be released now, correct?

```suggestion
```

Author: Yes, I thought this PR will get merged earlier, and then I can remove these callouts after the spork :) 
I'll remove them now.

  [IETF draft-irtf-cfrg-pairing-friendly-curves-08](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-irtf-cfrg-pairing-friendly-curves-08.html#name-point-serialization-procedu).
  A public key is 96-bytes long.

### Public Key validation

> <Callout type="info">
> 
> 🚧 Status: Validation at creation time is going to be available in an upcoming release of Cadence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

// `isValid` is false
```

The inputs to `verify` depend on the signature scheme used:

- ECDSA (`ECDSA_P256` and `ECDSA_secp256k1`):
  - `signature` expects the couple `(r,s)`. It is serialized as `bytes(r) || bytes(s)`, where `||` is the concatenation operation,
  and `bytes()` is the bytes big-endian encoding left padded by zeros to the byte-length of the curve order.
  The signature is 64 bytes-long for both curves. 
  - `signedData` is the arbitrary message to verify the signature against.
  - `domainSeparationTag` is the expected domain tag. Multiple valid tag values can be used (check [`hashWithTag`](#hashing) for more details).
  - `hashAlgorithm` is either `SHA2_256`, `SHA3_256` or `KECCAK_256`. It is the algorithm used to hash the message along with the given tag (check the `hashWithTag`[function](#hashing) for more details).

> <Callout type="info">
> 
> 🚧 Status: ECDSA verificaction with any tag is going to be available in an upcoming release of Cadence
> 
> </Callout>

Reviewer: This should be released now

```suggestion
```

  - `domainSeparationTag` is the expected domain tag. All tags are accepted (check [KMAC128 for BLS](#KMAC128-for-BLS)).
  - `hashAlgorithm` only accepts `KMAC128_BLS_BLS12_381`. It is the algorithm used to hash the message along with the given tag (check [KMAC128 for BLS](#KMAC128-for-BLS)).

BLS verification performs the necessary membership check of the signature while the membership check of the public key is performed at the creation of the `PublicKey` object
and not repeated during the signature verification. 

The verificaction uses a hash-to-curve algorithm to hash the `signedData` into a `G_1` point, following the `hash_to_curve` method described in the [draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve-14](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve-14#section-3).
While KMAC128 is used as a hash-to-field method resulting in two field elements, the mapping to curve is implemented using the [simplified SWU](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve-14#section-6.6.3).

A valid signature would be generated using the expected `signedData` and `domainSeparationTag`, as well the same hashing to curve process. 

## BLS multi-signature

> <Callout type="info">
> 
> 🚧 Status: This API is going to be available in an upcoming release of Cadence
> 
> </Callout>

Reviewer: This should be released now, right?

```suggestion
```

available to protect BLS verification. The language provides the proof of possession of private key as a defense tool. 
The proof of possession of private key is a BLS signature over the public key itself. 
The PoP signature follows the same requirements of a BLS signature (detailed in [Signature verification](#Signature-verification)),
except it uses a special domain separation tag. The key expected to be used in KMAC128 is the UTF-8 encoding of `"POP_BLS_SIG_BLS12381G1_XOF:KMAC128_SSWU_RO_POP_"`.
The expected message to be signed by the PoP is the serialization of the BLS public key corresponding to the signing private key ([serialization details](#PublicKey)).
The PoP can only be verified using the `PublicKey` method `verifyPoP`. 

### BLS signature aggregation

`cadence•fun aggregateSignatures(_ signatures: [[UInt8]]): [UInt8]?`

Aggregates multiple BLS signatures into one. 
Signatures could be generated from the same or distinct messages, they
could also be the aggregation of other signatures.
The order of the signatures in the slice does not matter since the aggregation is commutative.
There is no subgroup membership check performed on the input signatures.

> The function errors if the array is empty or if decoding one of the signature fails.

Author: Not sure whether "errors" is the correct word.

> The function errors if the array is empty or if decoding one of the signature fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the array is empty or if decoding one of the signature fails, the program aborts
```

The output signature can be verified against an aggregated public key to authenticate multiple 
signers at once. Since the `verify` method accepts a single data to verify against, it is only possible to 
verfiy multiple signatures of the same message. 

### BLS public key aggregation

`cadence•fun aggregatePublicKeys(_ publicKeys: [PublicKey]): PublicKey?`

Aggregates multiple BLS public keys into one.

The order of the public keys in the slice does not matter since the aggregation is commutative.
The input keys are guaranteed to be in the correct subgroup since subgroup membership is checked
at the key creatiom time. 

> The function errors if the array is empty or any of the input keys is not a BLS key.

Author: Not sure whether "errors" is the correct word.

> The function errors if the array is empty or any of the input keys is not a BLS key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the array is empty or any of the input keys is not a BLS key, the program aborts
```
